
1. paramount --> most important
2. comprehensive --> including everything or nearly everything that is connected with a particular subject
3. tandem -->  one behind the other
4. proposition --> an idea, a plan or an offer, especially in business; a suggestion
5. virtuous --> behaving in a morally good way
6. comply --> **to conform, submit, or adapt (as to a regulation or to another's wishes) as required or requested**
7. conjunction --> a word that is used for joining other words, phrases or sentences
8. entrant --> a person who enters a profession, competition, exam, university, etc.
9. mandate --> give (someone) authority to act in a certain way.
10. enforce --> to make people obey a law or rule or do something that they do not want to
11. undermine --> to make something weaker
12. avenue --> a wide street, especially one with trees or tall buildings on each side
13. graffiti --> pictures or writing on a wall, etc. in a public place
14. dictate --> to say something aloud so that somebody else can write or type it
15. vandalism -->  **intentional destruction or damage to property**
16. embody --> to be a very good example of something `or`  to include or contain something
17. deface --> to spoil the way something looks by writing on or marking its surface
18. thrive --> to grow or develop well
19. sanction --> to give official permission for something
20. tender --> kind and loving `or` (used about food) soft and easy to cut or bite; not tough
21. flourish -->  to be strong and healthy; to develop in a successful way
22. foster --> to help or encourage the development of something
23. spark --> ignite.
24. emerge --> to appear or come out from somewhere `or` to become known
25. alienate --> to make people feel that they cannot share your opinions any more `or`   to make somebody feel that he/she does not belong somewhere or is not part of something
26. potential --> that may possibly become something `or` be used
27. staple food --> a food that is eaten frequently and in large quantities, making up a significant part of a person's or population's diet
28. 