

1. paradigm --> a typical example or pattern of something
2.  unprecedented --> never having happened or existed before
3. trailblazing --> path pradarshak
4. comprehensive --> including everything or nearly everything that is connected with a particular subject
5. embrace --> to put your arms around somebody as a sign of love, happiness, etc.
6. paving --> flat blocks of stone or concrete covering an area
7. flatten --> to become or make something flat
8. employing --> to use
9. contemporary --> belonging to the same time as somebody/something else
10. contingent --> a group of people from the same country, organization, etc. who are attending an event
11. mere --> (used for emphasizing how small or unimportant something is) nothing more than
12. transcend --> to go further than the usual limits of something
13. akin --> similar to something
14. imperative --> very important or urgent
15. endow --> to give a large sum of money to a school, a college or another institution
16. invasion --> the action of entering another country with an army in order to take control of it
17. closet --> a large cupboard that is built into a room
18. serene --> calm and peaceful
19. imbecile --> a stupid person
20. retribution --> punishment for a crime
21. perplexed --> not understanding something; confused
22. obscenity --> sexual words or acts that shock people and cause offence
23. sprain --> to injure part of your body, especially your wrist or your ankle by suddenly bending or turning it
24. sore --> (used about a part of the body) painful, especially when touched
25. awning --> samiyana, tent
26. buckle up --> seat belt bandh lo
27. implicit --> not expressed in a direct way but understood by the people involved
28. explicit --> clear, making something easy to understand
29. indispensable --> very important, so that it is not possible to be without it
30. prudent --> sensible and careful when making judgements and decisions; avoiding unnecessary risks
31. specification --> **to state explicitly or in detail**
32. elusive --> not easy to catch, find or remember
33. disparate --> consisting of people or things that are very different from each other in character or quality
34. veracity --> the quality of being true or correct; the habit of telling the truth
35. Mediating --> the process of helping two parties in a disagreement reach an agreement or find a solution to their problems
36. Correlatable --> ==something is related to another thing, or that one thing implies or complements the other==. For example, you might say that brain size correlates with intelligence.
37. proprietary --> relating to an owner or ownership.
38. thorough --> careful and complete
39. predicate --> **he part of a sentence, or a clause, that tells what the subject is doing or what the subject is**