
1. consortium --> a group of company that work together for particular purpose
2. pivotal --> meaning important or vital
3. delve --> to search inside something
4. vouch --> confirm as a result of one's own experience that something is true or accurate.
5. integrity --> the quality of being honest and having strong moral principal
6. sovereign --> a person who has supreme power or authority
7. paradigm --> a pattern of something
8. prevalent --> most common in a particular place at a particular time
9. foster --> to help or encourage the development of something
10. ubiquitous --> seeming to be everywhere or  very common
11. attribute --> to believe that something was caused or done by somebody/something or a feature
12. assert --> to say something clearly 
13. tamper-proof --> ==something is designed to be difficult to change or damage, or to make it obvious if it has been tampered with==.

14. pertain --> to exist or apply in a particular situation or at a particular time
15. instill --> to make somebody think or feel something
16. possession --> the state of having or owning something
17. assertion -->  a statement that says you strongly believe that something is true
18. revocation --> he official cancellation of a [decree](https://www.google.com/search?sca_esv=9783522cabc36d5f&rlz=1C1ONGR_enIN1078IN1078&sxsrf=ADLYWIIFdqjeJKksES1odQQUfCU3qci8Zg:1726047047096&q=decree&si=ACC90nwzNcbSj6HKgPz_Y9fzn5jcMpwUAyeK6rdbxi63pZzfoE97zsO1h8vXaIzOYxy4Ulhg85oYtNQnCUFLf8z3HRaVBMh1Ig%3D%3D&expnd=1&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwjLg-6oyrqIAxU4-DgGHdv6KrsQyecJegQIMBAZ), decision, or promise.
19. decree --> an official order given by a grovernment
20. curate --> organize and present something
21. consolidation --> the process of uniting
22. provenance --> the beginning of something's existence; something's origin.
23. alleviate --> to make something less strong or less bad
24. substrate --> the surface on which an organism grows or is attached in biology
25. compliant --> working or done in agreement with particular rules, orders, etc.